README.md, before:

# Ceb

Ceb (C embed binaries) is a tool for embedding any binary file into an executable through a single C file. The access to each file is then abstracted away through a loader function which allows for dynamic embedding of files without changing the code of the executable.

This project is in early development and not yet fully functioning.

## Usage

```CMAKE
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.25)

project(ExampleProject LANGUAGES C)

# ...

add_subdirectory(Ceb)
include_directories(${CEB_INCLUDE_DIR})
include(ceb_embed_files)

set(EMBED_FILE_NAME "example_output")
ceb_embed_files(PROJECT ExampleProject OUTPUT ${EMBED_FILE_NAME} INPUT ${example_input1} ${example_input2})

# ...

add_executable(ExampleExecutable ${EXECUTABLE_SOURCE_FILES} ${CEB_OUTPUT_FILE_${EMBED_FILE_NAME}})
add_library(ExampleLibrary ${LIBRARY_SOURCE_FILES} ${CEB_OUTPUT_FILE_${EMBED_FILE_NAME}})
```

```C

#include "ceb.h"

// ...

int64_t size = -1;
uint64_t info;

ceb_load("file_name.example", (void*) 0, &size, &info);

if (info || !size) {
  // Error
}

void* data = malloc(size);

ceb_load("file_name.example", data, &size, &info);

if (info) {
  // Error
}

```

## License

Please see [LICENSE](/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Added a big endian check and handled one case where that matters.

README.md, after:

# Ceb

Ceb (C embed binaries) is a tool for embedding any binary file into an executable through a single C file. The access to each file is then abstracted away through a loader function which allows for dynamic embedding of files without changing the code of the executable.

Note that the code is currently untested on big endian machines.

## Usage

```CMAKE
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.25)

project(ExampleProject LANGUAGES C)

# ...

add_subdirectory(Ceb)
include_directories(${CEB_INCLUDE_DIR})
include(ceb_embed_files)

set(EMBED_FILE_NAME "example_output")
ceb_embed_files(PROJECT ExampleProject OUTPUT ${EMBED_FILE_NAME} INPUT ${example_input1} ${example_input2})

# ...

add_executable(ExampleExecutable ${EXECUTABLE_SOURCE_FILES} ${CEB_OUTPUT_FILE_${EMBED_FILE_NAME}})
add_library(ExampleLibrary ${LIBRARY_SOURCE_FILES} ${CEB_OUTPUT_FILE_${EMBED_FILE_NAME}})
```

```C

#include "ceb.h"

// ...

int64_t size = -1;
uint64_t info;

ceb_load("file_name.example", (void*) 0, &size, &info);

if (info || !size) {
  // Error
}

void* data = malloc(size);

ceb_load("file_name.example", data, &size, &info);

if (info) {
  // Error
}

```

## License

Please see [LICENSE](/LICENSE).
